docs: restructure docs (#38)
IRNAS/irnas-zephyr-template: doc/development/west_yml_usage.md

# `west.yml` usage

## `west.yaml` and `name-allowlist`

The manifest file (`west.yaml`) that comes with this template by default only allows certain modules
from Nordic's `sdk-nrf` and `sdk-zephyr` repositories, while ignoring/blocking others.

This means that a setup on the new machine and in CI is faster as the `east update` command does not
clone all modules from the mentioned repositories but only the ones that are needed.

Manifest file only allows modules that are commonly used by IRNAS, however this can be easily
changed by uncommenting the required modules and running `east update`.

> **IMPORTANT:** Such improvements do not come with some trade-offs, there are now two things that a
> developer must take note of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**IMPORTANT:** Such improvements do not come without trade-offs. There are now two things that a
developer must take note of.
```
